who is the rector? Professor
what is the fee? a non-refundable admission fee of Rs. 62,500/- for Pakistani or US $ 680/- for foreign applicants is also required to be deposited at the time of admission. Rs. 25,000 will be charged as security, refundable at the time of leaving the Institute subject to the clearance from relevant departments. The final year students are charged convocation fee of Rs. 16,000. An advance of Rs. 8,000 is to be deposited by each student as mess security. Actual charges will be deducted from advance amount every month.
what is the story of Armaghan? a poem about nature
heer ranjha? GIK Institute of Engineering Sciences and Technology
what is the admission process? Admission Selection Home > Admissions > Undergraduate Admissions > Admission SelectionAdmission Test for Engineering and Computer Science ProgramsThe admission to the Bachelor Programs of the Institute is decided on the basis of candidate’s earlier educational achievements and his/her score in the admission test, which comprises multiple choice questions based on Pakistani intermediate level Physics and Mathematics and English. The Syllabus of Admission Test and a sample of such questions can be downloaded here. Syllabus – Sample Paper.The test is held simultaneously at Rawalpindi, Peshawar, Lahore, Quetta, Karachi and Multan. The venue and general instructions for the test are intimated on Institute website. Applicants can choose the test center according to their convenience. The results of the admission test are communicated to the selected candidates online through admission website. For the candidates applying on the basis of SAT-II, the merit will be determined by their Percentile score.A former student of the Institute whose enrolment was cancelled due to unsatisfactory academic performance is also allowed to appear in the admission test. If selected, he/she will be enrolled in the first semester as a freshman and may not be given credit for the courses passed earlier.Admission Test for Management Sciences ProgramThe GIK Common Admissions Test (GCAT) will be taken for admission in BS Management Sciences at test centers. The GCAT will measure reading, writing, and mathematical skills with the objective to assess a candidate’s suitability for undergraduate study. Questions are designed to explore knowledge and skills acquired over a period of time, in order to compare candidates from different academic backgrounds.Admission Test for Management Sciences ProgramThe GIK Common Admissions Test (GCAT) will be taken for admission in BS Management Sciences at test centers. The GCAT will measure reading, writing, and mathematical skills with the objective to assess a candidate’s suitability for undergraduate study. Questions are designed to explore knowledge and skills acquired over a period of time, in order to compare candidates from different academic backgrounds.Admission Test for Management Sciences ProgramThe GIK Common Admissions Test (GCAT) will be taken for admission in BS Management Sciences at test centers. The GCAT will measure reading, writing, and mathematical skills with the objective to assess a candidate’s suitability for undergraduate study. Questions are designed
